docs(lambda-destination): add onFailure destination example and be explicit about the type of SQS queue that can be used (#17283)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-lambda-destinations/README.md

The following destinations are supported

* Lambda function

> * Standard SQS queue

Reviewer: FIFO queues are supported for successful invocations, right?

Author: Yes sorry you're right 👍

})
```

Example with a SQS queue for unsuccessful invocations:

```ts
import * as lambda from '@aws-cdk/aws-lambda';
import * as destinations from '@aws-cdk/aws-lambda-destinations';
import * as sqs from '@aws-cdk/aws-sqs';

const deadLetterQueue = new sqs.Queue(this, 'DeadLetterQueue');;

const myFn = new lambda.Function(this, 'Fn', {
  // other props
  onFailure: new destinations.SqsDestination(deadLetterQueue)
})
```

> *Only standard SQS queues are supported for failure destinations, FIFO queues are not supported.

Reviewer: Can you move this statement to line 20?

Author: Will do 👍

> import * as sqs from '@aws-cdk/aws-sqs';
> 
> const deadLetterQueue = new sqs.Queue(this, 'DeadLetterQueue');;
> 
> const myFn = new lambda.Function(this, 'Fn', {
>   runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_12_X,
>   handler: 'index.handler',
>   code: lambda.Code.fromAsset(path.join(__dirname, 'lambda-handler')),
>   // sqs queue for unsuccessful invocations
>   onFailure: new destinations.SqsDestination(deadLetterQueue)
> })

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import * as sqs from '@aws-cdk/aws-sqs';

const deadLetterQueue = new sqs.Queue(this, 'DeadLetterQueue');

const myFn = new lambda.Function(this, 'Fn', {
  runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_12_X,
  handler: 'index.handler',
  code: lambda.Code.fromInline('// your code'),
  // sqs queue for unsuccessful invocations
  onFailure: new destinations.SqsDestination(deadLetterQueue),
});
```
